Multiple binary support api (#196)
python-discord/snekbox: README.md

The above command will make the API accessible on the host via `http://localhost:8060/`. Currently, there's only one endpoint: `http://localhost:8060/eval`.

### Python multi-version support

> By default, the binary ran within nsjail is the binary specified by `DEFAULT_BINARY_PATH` at the top of [`nsjail.py`]. This can be overridden by specifying `binary_path` in the request body of calls to `POST /eval` or by setting the `binary_path` kwarg if calling `NSJail.python3()` directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the binary that runs within nsjail is the binary specified by `DEFAULT_BINARY_PATH` at the top of [`nsjail.py`]. This can be overridden by specifying `binary_path` in the request body of calls to `POST /eval` or by setting the `binary_path` kwarg if calling `NSJail.python3()` directly.
```
